No video today, sorry, I know, I just came back, but I haven't been doing nothing.
This is a quick announcement that the Minecraft server has been updated to 1.16.5, and I guess
a reminder that yes, I do run a community SFO Minecraft server.
When you give money to this channel, whether that's through Patreon, Subscribestar, through
YouTube memberships, Twitch subs, or just watching with the ad block off, that is one
of the projects that your money goes towards.
Of course, you don't have to donate to play on the server, but there are some perks if
you do.
And rather than do a video or a stream today, that's what I'm spending most of my day doing,
is updating the Minecraft server and making sure it runs smoothly.
Also I made a really big pot of stew, but yeah, the Minecraft server.
The IP is in the description, and as soon as I can afford to get my gaming rig back
up and running, I'm going to start hosting community events on it now that I'm back.
So if any of that interests you, please drop by and check it out.
Alright guys, I'll see you tomorrow, I love you.
Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.